Welcome at the functional design meeting, again presented by Maarten. we've got three presentations. And I'm gonna show you some of the new projects requirements that were sent to me.
'Kay, we're going to talk about working design. It's an electrical circuit which compose messages in the form of infrared signals to control the television. diodes, bat batteries and LED lights, they're needed and they're everywhere available. the circuit board, it's the most important part of the remote control.
Well, the technical functions. and I think they're we have to focus on the one hand the expert view or the novice user. th I think it's it's very much depending on the user requirements,. w if you want try a a a huge market, if you want to reach a huge market, like elderly people and we have to choose for novice user. well, there are at least basic functions,. like just th the channels one till nine,. on and off switch, which must be clear with a red button or something like that. most standard have volume, of course, and a mute function, and, of course, the next and previous channel. and I don't know if there are any if you put more functions, more buttons, maybe it's com becoming less trendy or something like that. I th I thought the the with less buttons you can make a more trendier
Alright, I've done some research for functional requirements. there were hundred h one hundred people, how do you say, watched using remote controls in the usability lab. and they also filled out a questionnaire with a few questions. three out of four people claim to find remote controls ugly. So if we make a trendy design, we sure have seventy fi seventy five percent of the market, which you can reach. three out of four users zaps a lot, as I quoted here from the results. Furthermore, fifty percent says they only use ten percent of the buttons on a remote control. Fifty percent also claims to have lost a remote control very often in the room. all the settings, about audio settings, video settings and channel settings, which are not very often used, we could group them on one button and make them accessible in one menu button or whatever,. And a trendy look, well, although seventy percent of the market is consists of elderly people who don't really care for trendy looks or whatever, I guess it can do no harm to make it trendy for the other thirty percent.
Well, then we I'm gonna show you some of the new project requirements. Well, they say tele teletext becomes outdated since the popularity of the internet. Well, I think that may be so, but well, we can't just leave the teletext button off. So the compromise we could make is just to make one teletext button, you know, like on and off,. The remote control should only be used for television. Otherwise, the project becomes more complex, which endangers the time t ma the time to market. New products should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty.
It's a very small market which we will approach then if we want to reach customers younger than forty.
Yeah, but it is it's is a dif it's a fact that the th th that bigger market you're talking about, we already cover that. So maybe we can make a remote control that's primarily interesting for the younger group, but isn't that bad for an older person either. Our product's corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design. That means we can well yeah, discuss on the remote control functions. Yeah, we we're looking for a really simple remote control with only basic TV functions. I know that the younger people will most likely have a DVD player they want to,. No, yeah, th th the user requirements of the the The new project requirements told us not to. But just the basic functions. Maybe like rewind and wind,
No, new requirements say no.
Maybe if we just leave the DVD functional. Yeah, we we'll make this one trendy.
I think stop function is very useful.
Yeah, yeah, but maybe you yeah yeah, maybe you do, but I've never heard of it in the first place. And. I think we should just put one teletext button on it.
I think the plus and the minus button should be quite present,
No, okay, but we don't have to, when we don't want to control other devices, I think it makes it even more simple.
The batteries maybe. If you use large batteries or small batter batteries.
I think double A.
But i in a way we have to be special.
Do you have you have you think about tha thought about that? How we can what the extra touch can be. Maybe it should be a remote control when you you clap you hands it makes some noise or some gadget kind of thing. Or maybe it should have a big light that can flash or something on it,. so maybe with with bouncing pads so that you can just throw it on the floor or something. So big buttons, flashy design, and maybe some kind of gadget kind of thing.
A swapable front or whatever.
Yeah, or just different colours would be I don't know if people also wanna spend more money on fronts for their remote control. Yeah, you have to put it on its So it's like a vase or something you put on a table.
If you do that, but I don't know if that's possible within the production cost of twelve and a half Euros. I in in the base we could like make a button, and if you push it, the remote control itself makes noise.
And then also you don't even need batteries, because you can make it chargeable. but when you you can imagine that when you spend twenty five Euros on a remote control and it's a basic remote control, then the then the money there must be money to spend on that kind of st you know, rechargeable units. Well, maybe yeah, you could when that's when it's too costly, you could probably skip the recharger,
On the other hand, if you don't do it, we can also make a nice bay. I mean, it looks trendy and still still put a bleep function in it,
Well, we will see what's possible concerning the the costs, and if it's possible we'll do that. And and what people just think about, well, I'll never have to buy any batteries again, so b because it's very annoying when your battery is empty. We have lunch break, and then we have thirty minutes of individual work. I had some problems with the digitising the the first minutes,. the the the next minutes won't be a problem,. but I'll try to make sure the first one will be in the folder too,
Has anyone got a little bit detailed ideas about the shape?
Maybe like this pen. It has to feel nice in your hand.
You should like make Alessi or something design it.
Yeah, but twelve and a half Euros?
I think it has to be a it has to have round forms or something.
Something like that is very ergonomic.
And on th and then a base unit underneath it. It's also round. Maybe, I don't know, some some lights, a big but well.
Maybe lights also around the volume and the the plus minus programme buttons.
But I also meant the the blinking li you know, the ones that also blink when you try to locate your remote. maybe put something on top of it or, you know, like that's looks funny.
I think I think that'll be too big tha too big then.
I think we're we're done.